README.md, before:

### Unit 3 Project | studious-chainsaw

# Fit.js

Fit.js is a fitness app that you can use to record and plan your workouts. 

**Created by:**  
Justin Warren, James Bennett, Ashley Brickhouse

Check out the live app here: [Fit.js](https://fierce-forest-65008.herokuapp.com/)

## Technologies Used
MEAN stack:
1. Mongoose
2. Express
3. Angular 1.7
4. Node.js

Javascript, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, CRUD, REST

## User Stories
1. User can sign-up and login with a unique username and password (encrypted)
2. User can create a new workout with a title, duration, list of exercises, total sets/reps and rest time
3. User can see previous workouts after logging in
4. User can view workout videos from YouTube if they navigate to the Videos page
5. User can refresh homepage without getting logged out
6. User can logout


## Wireframe
Our original user experience brainstorming was done while we were all in a Zoom meeting, using Canva.com. These images were what we used to create the final product. 

#### When the user first logs in
![welcome page](https://imgur.com/uy8DZo1.png "welcome page")

#### Create and Show pages were originally supposed to be on the same page
![create a workout page and index](https://imgur.com/3Ft3QNy.png "index and create")

#### Brainstorming about color combinations and styling options
![styling](https://imgur.com/wJNaQ8g.png "styling")


## Approach Taken


## Unsolved Problems
-relational databases

## Notes 
These are notes to ourselves so that we can come back and pick up where we left off in order to keep working on the app and develop it further.

Commit message:

added changes to README and added picture to front page

README.md, after:

### Unit 3 Project | studious-chainsaw

# Fit.js

Fit.js is a fitness app that you can use to record and plan your workouts.

**Created by:**  
Justin Warren, James Bennett, Ashley Brickhouse

Check out the live app here: [Fit.js](https://fierce-forest-65008.herokuapp.com/)

## Technologies Used
MEAN stack:
1. Mongoose
2. Express
3. Angular 1.7
4. Node.js

Javascript, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, CRUD, REST

## User Stories
1. User can sign-up and login with a unique username and password (encrypted)
2. User can create a new workout with a title, duration, list of exercises, total sets/reps and rest time
3. User can see previous workouts after logging in
4. User can view workout videos from YouTube if they navigate to the Videos page
5. User can refresh homepage without getting logged out
6. User can logout


## Wireframe
Our original user experience brainstorming was done while we were all in a Zoom meeting, using Canva.com. These images were what we used to create the final product.

#### When the user first logs in
![welcome page](https://imgur.com/uy8DZo1.png "welcome page")

#### Create and Show pages were originally supposed to be on the same page
![create a workout page and index](https://imgur.com/3Ft3QNy.png "index and create")

#### Brainstorming about color combinations and styling options
![styling](https://imgur.com/wJNaQ8g.png "styling")


## Approach Taken
Our team worked hard to collaborate effectively throughout every step of our process.  Initially, Ashley set up a Trello board in order
to delegate tasks.  We were able to first start by segmenting our project into three key areas: Login/Signup Page, Angularjs Front-end setup, and Back-end setup.  After these initial tasks were completed by all team members we were able to reconvene and further iterate on our project
in order to move beyond a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) and add additional styling and features.  Overall, it was a great experience as we were able to not only finish our project on time, but also grow as developers by working collaboratively in a team setting.

## Unsolved Problems
-Relational databases
-Video Background for login/signup page

## Notes
These are notes to ourselves so that we can come back and pick up where we left off in order to keep working on the app and develop it further.
